[MUSIC PLAYING]
In this video, we'll add
videos to our Experience.
To add videos to an in-page
Experience, edit the Experience
and then click Videos
in the left navigation.
Click the Add Videos button.
The first choice we need
to make is the source.
For in-page Experiences, videos
can reside in a Video Cloud
account or out on YouTube.
Note that before YouTube
videos can be used,
you need to configure
the YouTube settings.
This is done from the Settings
link on the Gallery home page.
For this training, we're
just going to use videos
in our Video Cloud account.
Next, you'll select the
method for adding videos.
With Select Videos,
you'll manually
pick and choose the videos
to use in the Experience.
With Select Playlist,
you'll select a playlist,
and all the videos
in that playlist
will be added to the Experience.
With Use Reference ID, you'll
provide a playlist reference
ID, and all the videos
in that playlist
will be added to the Experience.
By using a playlist
reference ID,
the videos in the
Experience can easily
be changed by
reassigning the reference
ID to another playlist
using the Media module.
The Experience doesn't need
to be edited and republished
when you need to
change the videos that
appear in the Experience.
To remove videos,
select the videos,
and click the Remove
Videos button.
Or if you're using a
playlist or playlist ID,
click the Remove
Playlist button.
OK, let's look at
how to add videos
to an in-page Experience.
I'm going to edit my
Experience and then click
Videos in the left navigation.
I'll click Add Videos
and then select a source.
Remember, you need to
configure the YouTube settings
before YouTube can
be used as a source.
I also like Video
Cloud to use videos
in my Video Cloud account.
With the method set
to Select Videos,
I can pick and choose the
videos to add to the Experience.
This list of videos is
configured to display the 100
most recently updated videos.
As you page down, more
will be retrieved.
You can use the Search function
to quickly find videos.
I'm going to select some
videos and then click Add.
Pretty easy.
I can click Add Videos
to add more videos
or select some videos
and remove them.
I'm going to remove all the
videos and use a playlist.
This time, I'll choose the
Select Playlist option.
This list is configured
to display 20 playlists.
You can use the Search function
to quickly find a playlist.
I'm going to select
the "Animals" playlist.
Again, I can click Add videos
to select something else
or remove playlists
to remove the videos.
Hopefully you can see why
earlier we check to make
sure our content was organized.
Everything was displaying
in Gallery like I expected.
I didn't have to
go upload videos
or organize videos
into playlists
and then come back to add
videos to my Experience.
Now that we're making some
progress, in the next video,
we'll see how to preview
and publish the Experience.